Added new github.io pages (#688)
nvidia-holoscan/holohub: doc/website/README.md

# Holohub Website

> ## Viewing the current Holohub github pages

Reviewer: Nitpick: capitalization according to "GitHub" convention (https://github.com/)

```suggestion
## Viewing the current HoloHub GitHub Pages
```

> The documentation should be viewable at [https://nvidia-holoscan.github.io/holohub](https://nvidia-holoscan.github.io/holohub).

Reviewer: Nitpick: wording

```suggestion
The documentation is viewable at [https://nvidia-holoscan.github.io/holohub](https://nvidia-holoscan.github.io/holohub).
```
